Atmosphere Packages used-
	Iron Router
	Reactive-Var
	Alanning: Roles
	SergeyT: Type Ahead
	Dan DV: JQuery-RateIt
	Accounts-password, Ian:Accounts-UI-boostrap-3
	Matteodem: Easy-Search 

Future requirements -
	User rating pivot table - a user should only be able to rate once

	Fix the refresh on post page. Post collection is emptied on refresh, resubscribing doesn't fix it.	


Bugs -
	There appears to be a close tag (gt sign) right after the text box in the summary div.

	An issue with overflowing text in the SummaryView. Summaries shouldn't be centered. Please have the text justified.

	?Moreover, the link to the doi appears to be malformed. Here is the code being output: <a href="">http://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-28634-9_11</a>

	It's possible to upvote a paper. Leave the page, come back, and upvote it again. Look at a pivot table for raters to limit it to one.

	For technical reports which do not have a doi extension, it should also be possible to give a link to the paper. For instance, this one: http://infoscience.epfl.ch/record/125422. We should change the DOI reference to a "link".

	Titles of articles can get very, very long. It seems that the title should fit in a better area.

	I went to edit a post. Didn't make any changes, and went to a new page *without* hitting "Save Changes". The values were all cleared out when I come back.

	When I go to edit a post, I cannot add any new terms. Any user should be able to add terms which have been used or defined in a paper.

	It is only possible to add a *single* term to a paper from the current form. It should be possible to add multiple terms.

	It is not possible to edit the title of a paper, so if someone makes a typo the title it cannot be corrected.

	When a term is added to a paper, it is not being displayed in the paper summary.This term is part of a new dictionary. Tested adding a new term in an original dictionary and it also does not work. Tested with fixture data
	and it still did not display the terms used.

	On the submit paper page (localhost:3000/submit) When clicking "Add new definition" the validation alert comes up, saying "Please Fill in all required fields". A modal pop-up should be used.
